[WHEEZE]
>> Hi, I'm Sophie from
the House of Wellbeing.
In our Aiding Better
Sleep, Guided Meditation
and Hypnotherapy Series,
you'll find audios to help you
and your children have a
much better night's sleep.
Not getting a good
night's sleep can
be caused by so many
different factors,
whether it's anxiety, stress,
or just not being able to unwind
after a long day.
So our collection
of audios will help
you to really let go of
those anxieties, worries,
and concerns, meaning you can
fall asleep much more easily
and stay asleep as well.
Our audio also includes some
healthy lifestyle changes,
creating the right zone in order
to aid a better night's sleep.
All of our audios are slightly
different to guided meditation
alone because we include
powerful therapeutic tools,
including cognitive
behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and of course,
hypnotherapy.
And it's that combination of
powerful therapeutic tools,
which makes them so hugely
effective at helping you
to change your unwanted
beliefs, behaviors, old thinking
patterns.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation,
and that's a state that's
really familiar to you.
It's the same
state of relaxation
you go into just
as you fall asleep.
And when you're in that
state of relaxation,
your brain waves go into
the theta brain wave,
and that means that we're able
to bypass your conscious mind
and go into your
subconscious mind.
And that's really
important for us
to be able to do that because
your subconscious mind is
where all your pattern, beliefs,
habits, and memories live.
So being able to access
your subconscious mind
is important for us
to make those changes.
It means that we're then able
to retrain, reframe, and rewire
your thinking in
order to eliminate
any of those unwanted
thoughts or behaviors.
And instead, we can replace
them with powerful long-lasting
suggestions.
We recommend that you listen to
our audios at least four times.
For some people, it's just
once that makes a change.
And for some people,
it takes a bit longer.
It's different for everybody.
But if you listen to
them a good few times,
we're able to compound
those positive messages
into your mind.
And you should soon see
changes about the way
you think and feel
about an issue,
and you'll be able to
drift off into sleep
and stay asleep
much more easily.
We also suggest that you
follow your instincts
and listen to the audios
as little or as often
as you want to.
Again, it's different
for everybody.
So just see how you feel.
You can listen to our audios
at any time of day or night,
but we suggest you listen to
them when you're not too tired.
Because if you fall
into a deep, deep sleep,
then your subconscious
mind just isn't listening.
But if you fall into a
very light-like sleep
and you get to the
end of an audio
and you hear me when I
ask you to open your eyes,
that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious mind
has been listening,
and it will have taken in
all those positive messaging.
We encourage you to
stay awake as much
as you can throughout
the audio with your eyes
closed and a lovely,
deep, relaxed state.
So please make sure you
are listening to the audio
when you're free from
any distractions,
and please don't listen to
them when you're actively
doing anything like driving
or operating machinery.
If there's an
emergency and you need
to wake up and come
out of hypnosis,
that's absolutely fine.
No problem at all.
Your conscious mind
will alert you and then
easily come out of hypnosis.
It's just like waking up
from a nap or from a sleep.
So for now, please click
on any audio you feel
is right for you.
Have a good look
through the series,
and choose one that you think is
just right just for your issue.
Find yourself a perfectly
comfortable position,
whether it's a bed or a chair,
and close your eyes to begin.